markdown.md, before:

# BeCode Learner

## Introduction

> Hello, my name is Egide and l am an `aspiring junior developer` at BeCode.

## Three surprising skills l have

1. Solving the Rubik's cube in 15 seconds
2. I like to do Parkour from time to time
3. I'm an average ping pong player

## Three things that l like most in the universe.

1. A good entrecôte, well done
2. A nice cocktail after a long week. Preferably a **Moscow Mule**.
3. Traveling and discovering a new place

## Objectives l want to achieve in my time here at BeCode

- Become job ready in **_7 months_**
- Create and deploy a webapp from A to Z
- Meet new developer friends

## Some fears l have

- Not being able to understand coding concepts
- Algorithms seem challenging from afar

## The things l'm most looking forward to

- Getting paid working as a developer
- Being part of a big project

## While working as a team, the things l value the most are ...

1. Having a common goal and splitting the work to accomplish it
2. Getting input from the other team members who might see things from a different angle

### A Gif speaks more than a thousand videos

Here is my favorite gif
[What exactly are you talking about](https://media.giphy.com/media/AfXPYfexaPjPsEdsUz/giphy.gif).

Commit message:

Added an image and a Gif

markdown.md, after:

# BeCode Learner

## Introduction

> Hello, my name is Egide and l am an `aspiring junior developer` at BeCode.

## Three surprising skills l have

1. Solving the Rubik's cube in 15 seconds
2. I like to do Parkour from time to time
3. I'm an average ping pong player

## Three things that l like most in the universe.

1. A good entrecôte, well done
2. A nice cocktail after a long week. Preferably a **Moscow Mule**.
3. Traveling and discovering a new place

## Objectives l want to achieve in my time here at BeCode

- Become job ready in **_7 months_**
- Create and deploy a webapp from A to Z
- Meet new developer friends

## Some fears l have

- Not being able to understand coding concepts
- Algorithms seem challenging from afar

## The things l'm most looking forward to

- Getting paid working as a developer
- Being part of a big project

## While working as a team, the things l value the most are ...

1. Having a common goal and splitting the work to accomplish it
2. Getting input from the other team members who might see things from a different angle

### A Gif speaks more than a thousand videos

Here is my favorite gif 😂 Always makes me laugh
[What exactly are you talking about](https://media.giphy.com/media/AfXPYfexaPjPsEdsUz/giphy.gif).
![This is an image](https://i.ibb.co/FKkDQFM/confused-girl.gif)

![This is the kind of place l would like to travel to](https://i.ibb.co/v3cqCQ5/pexels-michael-block-3225528.jpg)
